hey doll faces welcome back to my
channel so today I have a really hot day
date to go to and I just want you guys
to come along and get ready with me and
all products that I use in this video
will be listed down below so if I don't
mention something during the video then
it will definitely be listed down below
so make sure you guys check the down bar
so yeah let's not waste any more time
and let's just get right into it alright
so the first thing we're going to apply
is our moisturizer and yes I found a
mattifying moisturizer and I will list
the name down below also and then we're
gonna go ahead and prime our face
getting ready for foundation and I'm
using a mixture of a primer here one
that is really mattifying by becca and
then another one by two face i will also
list out all that stuff down below then
i'm applying my foundation and this is
the new well it's new to me it's them um
make up for ever matte velvet foundation
and I think I finally found my perfect
shade and this foundation is absolutely
amazing and all information about that
will be listed down below as well then
I'm just applying this bobby brown
creamy concealer and I'm applying it to
under my eyes just to cancel out the
darkness then i'm applying it above my
lip as well then i'm going in with the
UM this is the mac studio finish
concealer and i'm just highlighting
under my eyes and my forehead the bridge
of my nose and my chin and I'm zoomed in
I don't know where and I'm just going to
apply um this is just a base for my
eyeshadow as an eyeshadow primer and
it's by Smashbox I believe then i'm
applying just this really gold shimmery
shade i'm going for more of a really
neutral look I didn't want to do a bear
eyelid so I decided to just throw on
this goldish shade and kind of define
the crease a little bit so yeah I like
how it turned out but yeah I'm just
going to do my eyebrows how I usually do
them
I'll just shape them in fill them in all
that good stuff and brush them make them
look more natural then I'm going to
clean up underneath my brows with some
concealer and like I said all products
use in this video will be listed down
below so make sure you guys check that
if you have any questions then I'm just
going to set that area with just some
eyeshadow less like the same color as my
skin tone and I'm just gonna brush some
of that banana powder off and yeah I did
apply some banana powder i think i
forgot to mention that yeah yeah just
kind of removing the excess banana
powder then i'm going underneath my lash
line with some more of that brown
eyeshadow and it's the eyeshadow by mac
i forgot the name but i will list it
down below feel like I'm saying that
over and over again but yeah all
products use in this video will be
listed demo okay I won't mention that
anymore in this video alright so yeah I
applaud that goal to the inner part of
my eyes then I'm going into my eyeliner
and i'm doing a wing line as usual you
already know that's all I where is a
winged liner so I'm just applying that
to both eyes of course and I was so
proud of how my way minor came out that
day it was just both of them look the
same you know that's a good thing then
I'm just applying some mascara to the
top and bottom lashes this is their real
mascara by benefit then I'm going into a
powder by Maybelline just to contour my
face a little bit bring some warmth and
some shape back into my face so yeah
just um my cheekbones and then a little
bit on my forehead area and then I do um
right there yeah that part of my face
going to make sure you blend that out so
it doesn't look like just a patch of
dark powder so make sure you take it
down to blend that out girl blend it out
then I'm going into this highlighting
powder I would also list that down below
FYI yeah i'm just going into that powder
just to highlight a little bit and I
love love love how this comes out it's
just I don't know what makes me look so
glowy like people always tell me oh my
gosh your face is going and I my girl
it's just this mineralized powder but
anyways then I'm just going into my
favorite lip liners salsa by NARS and
I'm just lining my lips I've been using
this like everyday so I need to get
anyone yeah so I'm going into my bite um
I don't remember what this is clangs
coughs Carly I don't know but yeah it's
like a really pretty like deep red color
then that was a NYX matte lip cream that
i plan on top of that and i'm just
cleaning that up with some concealer and
yeah i'm all done with my makeup now
into the hair this is my Myka wig and I
do have a review on it that i will link
on the screen right up there and for you
mobile users i will also put that link
in the description box so make sure you
guys check that out and yeah i'm just
kind of brushing the wig out and i do
all this in that review video so you
would like to check that out make sure
you click that link
just applying some hairspray then I am
trying to put these hoops in and they
were just not like it was just not
looking right to me so these hoops had
to go so I took them off and put some
stud some little Pearlie Pearlie pearls
then i'm applying my favorite fragrance
at the moment well it's like my second
favorite but it's the armani code and
yeah i'm smelling all good looking all
good hey girl hey yeah and then i
decided take some selfies out of nowhere
so hold on while I take myself at you
that first let me take a selfie yeah so
yeah then this is my outfit of the day
for my little hot date this is just a
dress that I got from forever 21 I
thought it was super cute all flowery
and whatever and then I went ahead and
added some bangles that i got from
charlotte russe so yeah thank you so
much for coming along and getting ready
with me I really appreciate it and don't
forget to thumbs up this video if you
like these types of videos I really love
doing get ready with me videos so if you
like them thumbs up so I can do more and
thank you guys so much for watching this
video and I will see you guys in my next
video I said video too much